chore: add note on how to obtain the session-token for session authentication (#659)
medic/cht-conf: README.md

	cht --url=https://example.com:12345 --session-token=*my_token* 

> _NOTE: the `token` can be obtained by doing a POST request to `/_session` endpoint with `username` and `password` as form parameters. [More info](https://docs.couchdb.org/en/stable/api/server/authn.html#cookie-authentication)_
> 

Reviewer: I think we can be give them a handy command to use so they can reduce the RTFMing ;)

``````suggestion
The `my_token` can be obtained by doing a POST request to `/_session` [endpoint](https://docs.couchdb.org/en/stable/api/server/authn.html#cookie-authentication) with `name` and `password` as form parameters.  

For example, if your CHT instance is `my.cht.com`, you could use this `curl` call to specify your user `medic` and your password `secret123` to retrieve the header with the `AuthSession` value which is the token:

```
curl -v  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d '{"name":"medic","password":"secret123"}'  https://my.cht.com/_session 2>&1 | grep AuthSession 
< set-cookie: AuthSession=bWVkaWM6NjdBRTM4MkE6EguRnzpSiK0t8wFaOQ_jgkZE8UWcgNWgpyStzbbHreI; Version=1; Expires=Fri, 13-Feb-2026 18:21:30 GMT; Max-Age=31536000; Path=/; HttpOnly
```
``````

Author: ahh! cool. Thanks @mrjones-plip .
